[Music]
once everything was awesome
now everything is okay Lucy I brought
you coffee coffee the bitter liquid that
provides the only semblance of pleasure
left in these dark times oh my gosh did
I interrupt you brooding just now
times have changed you need to change
with them we have to be tough and
battle-ready
[Music]
oh the pain its cane so cold see that
wasn't so bad nothing got in
this is all my fault
hang on your fronds planet we're going
[Music]
you mind if I save your life not at all
who are you danger boy actor trainer I
don't get it we'll help me rescue my
friends you don't want to go anywhere
near that sistar system it's ruled by an
alien coin only the toughest you're
gonna get out of there alive
i'm mcqueen whatever I would not be I'm
getting super evil vibes here I could
change my form to something else if this
makes you uncomfortable
hey guys they'll go back don't worry was
much more palatable double dots on your
feet
who are you I'm your worst nightmare
me when I'm late to school and I forgot
my homework and my pants are made of
pudding
no I don't
[Music]
toes and flows of angel
and ice-cream castle
is everywhere
I looked at our subway
but now
only blockers
[Music]
so
I really don't know
[Music]
I don't belong here
[Applause]
[Music]
hey somebody get in before he pokes and
I
[Music]
you're kidding me he said that to your
face to my face and then what happens I
get real close right I'm like I don't
care which Cabbage Patch
you're from oh give me back my
viewmaster before I knock the dimples
off your face you are I don't care bear
you see the new movie trailer for what
you ain't see it see what what is it
Bucky but they're making another Toy
Story movie I thought those movies would
dawn dog they made three movies did make
three movies this is number four toy
stories - yeah what about Buzz Lightyear
stuff I am Buzz Lightyear Space Ranger
what is like to infinity and your mom
that's not right you sure no that's not
right appreciate it let me show you to
insanity and what do you even know -
immunity and respond
hey guys you got it all wrong
it's to infinity and beyond nothing
about science
[Music]
No why is there lampshade on your head
my owner might have given me a little
bit of catnip oh okay um do you hear
that
oh you're pouring oh I wonder what other
sounds I could make
are you finished hey Maxie let's say we
go for a walk this is nice you tricked
me first time here uh yeah
Oh dr. Francis is the best veterinarian
in the business you're gonna love him he
specializes in behavioral disorders but
I don't have a behavioral disorder I I'm
fine - thank you it's by human that's
nuts
I mean you know I I bring him a dead
bird she throws it out I bring him a
dead mouse garbage I've gone no no my
owner always says you're such a good dog
and I feel like a good dog of us what if
deep down I'm a bad dog we start fires
that was weird
Oh sister it's gonna get way weirder
this is bear son it was the home of your
grandparents and their grandparents
before then but out there beyond the age
of the water-wise the whole of the
Dragons
and I believe that your destiny to one
day find this hidden world
you do know my leg isn't a chew toy
don't you is this what you want yeah
okay how am I supposed to get down hey
buddy wait up he's not the only one
[Music]
another night three weeks is more like a
right I'll Night Fury yeah yours is
better
probably there is an armada with enough
cages for all of our dragon vein
this is a new kind of enemy we need to
find the hidden world I will destroy
everything you rely
even nothing without your dragon
if primo succeeds there won't be any
dragons left and it's up to us to put an
end to it so what are you gonna do about
it
suit up game we have one shot
you brought a baby to a battle I
couldn't find a sitter
in the hidden world really does the key
right but inside
[Music]
not a word it was another day in
Wonderland and the team was getting
ready boomer the welcome back Steve the
safety officer
Bob's inside the rides at all times and
peanut the ride creator they're opening
the carousel I've got the finest horses
I think we can do better and you're
right
I think peanut deserves better fish like
this splendiferous idea and when you
push this in
you can fly them all over the park do
you ever feel like Wonderland is real of
course it could be you can create
anything you imagine from paramount
animation and Nickelodeon movies why is
this here
what if the park you always imagine I'm
in Wonderland
everyone calm down I'm sure I invented
Wonderland when I was little why make a
porcupine the safety officer seems I
have backed into the middle of something
making else beep beep next year what
happened to this place when kids get
older they stop believing and all the
imagination goes away that's when
everything wonderful to turn back bring
it down and up
[Music]
you back the wonder it's time to bring
Wonderland back to life
real witnessing our miracle takes all
your imagination oh you guys did block
the wheels right oh that's what this is
for sure
but she's beginning to feel like a
terrible turn of events for us all I'm
with it
wonderful I'm ready to wake up now ready
to identity scan initiated
hello agent sterling
[Music]
it worked
subject appears disoriented Walter what
did you do everywhere nobody notices
them it's the most perfect form of spy
could taste
unburden me right now stop girl
seriously Hey look at me look at you I
can't not look at you Walter I can see
my butt and your face at the same time
[Music]
my name is Miles Morales and in my world
I'm the one and only spider-man that is
until he showed up and it snow on the
Cape I think it's cool spider-man
doesn't work a hey guys who are you
I'm Gwen Stacy I'm from another another
dimension
how many more Spidey people are there
hey tell us this could literally not get
any weirder it can get weird my name is
Peter Parker
I'm supposed to save the whole world
you can't think about saving the world
you have to think about saving one
person models where did you go
spider-man turn invisible not in my
universe oh this is incredible some kind
of fight-or-flight thing what's that I
think this is a cape
welcome to Rimes city a celebration of
the harmony between humans and pokmon
Tim your dad was a legend in this
precinct
if you are anything like your town
I remember you wanted to be a pokmon
trainer anyway yeah
yeah that didn't really worked out
come in there whoever you are
know how to use this jeez here we go I
know you can't understand me but put
down the stapler or I will electrocute
you did you just talk whoa did you just
understand me oh my god you can
understand me I've been so lonely they
try to talk to me all the time all the
hair is pika-pika
you can hear him right guys adorable
you're adorable they can't understand me
kiss you no one else I don't need a
Pokemon period and what about a
world-class detective because if you
want to find your pops
I'm your best bet we're gonna do this
you and me
[Music]
it brought us together and that magic is
called hope
[Music]
listen up we got ways to make you talk
or mine yeah tell us what we want to
know pipe yes okay I can shoving pushing
my problem is that I push people away
and then hate them for leaving he's
saying you can shove it what I can shove
it okay that's it no we're switching
roles I'm bad cop
you're good cop in my head I saw that
differently
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome baby jumbo oil family here no
matter how small
[Music]
that's something very rare you have
wondered
[Music]
you have the mystique
[Applause]
you have magic
[Music]
come with me
together we get the sore on the
elephant's wings
what's happening were they taking her
take Dumbo back inside but she's his mom
do something she needs us look at me
we're gonna bring your mama huh
he doesn't look like magic to me
[Music]
you children need you to believe in them
you can do it Dumbo shows
[Applause]
side of them
fly baby
[Music]
legend tells of a lost species a link
between man and beast for centuries he's
lived in hiding but at long last he's
reaching out and ready to be found
[Music]
excuse me hi you can speak yes
and I write as well my penmanship isn't
great but you know opposable thumbs and
that fingers you know
meet mr. Ling
you know like missing link ah wait I
don't get it a creature of enormous
stature
eight feet tall six hundred and fifty
pounds like you know six hundred thirty
pounds no it's it's the hair that makes
me look heavier I think it's it's a
little deceptive it to be frustrating
these are links to our past
Oh a connection to our present oh and a
bridge to the future
oh wait a second I said Oh like I knew
what you were talking about but I don't
well I'm on this spring on the other
side of the world are my cousins take me
there
I know the secret ways to the mountains
is it hard to hear the old names crack
open the window
doh oh that's better let's search for
his kind I'll bring that food of the
greatest discovery of the century will
be
of mythical proportions quick quick
quick someone should give her the kiss
of life you're the man for the job
how's my breath here's the missing link
throw me out of the pit I think it might
be a little too heavy nonsense now give
it all you've got
oh it's hard to know whose fault that
was let's do it again
[Music]
I've never seen a man cup before it's so
smooth
[Music]
Kirra boy quite different
you are special little brother you've
got hands so let's use it will swit be
with other words it's not boys I've seen
the way you look at the village
welcoming you are one of them
[Music]
I've ever wanted just belong you will
always be my son Mowgli
nothing can ever change that
the jungle is changing
man is taking more of it boy may just be
our only hope of survival
we're afraid of what now I do twice the
pack needs you Murphy
my how you've grown
I am NOT a man but neither am i would
which of you will follow me
the whole jungle has been watching you
I love failed
this summer you're invited to a magical
place when weird is celebrated strange
is special and beauty is more than meets
the eye hello gorgeous let's check out
how you look today short and stubby
nubby teeth out on full display your
pinkish red got this thing on your head
and whoa girl you couldn't look better
[Music]
[Applause]
crazy and yet is there
[Music]
fresh huggy dog is here the story of the
day or the mum for the year here's a
little scoop on the way down no got you
check out the flow but only the dog
makes the party happen it couldn't be
better than this
[Music]
I have a feeling we're not an ugly Ville
anymore look guys what's perfection
don't know let's go say hi hello
must be a customary greeting here
[Music]
[Applause]
couldn't be better than me
[Music]